Did you miss me?
[NOA]
Yes! The wait was agony!
Hey, hey, Shino!
I had every faith
you'd make it back to us.
[chuckles]
You really are a tough one
to keep down, aren't you?
Even if you are a slowpoke.
[chuckles]
You can say that again.
[annoyed]
[KURAHASHI]
Oh, that sneaky little brat.
So, what?
The board is still stacked
in my favor.
[chuckles]
I'll just keep crushing you
until it takes.
All right then, let's quickly
review the situation.
Before the end
of day four's first period,
I was able to unify
the hold-out teams
against our common enemy.
Suisei. Ouka. Oumi.
Murakumo.
And Souken, all stand with us.
Including Eimei,
our Allied Army has a total of
twenty active players,
whereas the coalition
we're up against
has but fourteen.
The academies
we're facing
are Seijo, Shinra, Otowa.
Saint Rosalia,
and Tsuyuri.
You're saying we outnumber them
by six?
Yeah, but they've got
some really heavy hitters
in their fourteen.
The Phoenix and the Demon.
Those two alone
are enough of a handful.
And the ringleader,
a player
who shouldn't legally be here,
propped up
by Seijo's former headmaster.
She's been using
illegal exploits
to adjust any setting
she wants.
[HIROTO]
Movement Value set to max.
Unlimited spells.
Combined benefits
from multiple roles.
Unrestricted access
to the map from the start.
And the icing on the cake?
Nine-hundred-and-ninety-nine
life-points.
Wait,
nine-hundred-and-ninety-nine?
We can't beat that!
You're right, we can't.
But there is someone who can.
The Demon Maiden.
[all gasp]
[HIROTO] Even with close
to a thousand life-points,
Senri Kururugi's One-Shot kill
could still take her down.
Yeah, but like,
isn't she all buddy-buddy
with Miss Hundred Faces?
That's why we're just gonna
have to convince her
to help us.
Even if that means
having to defeat her first.
She's indeed no standard foe.
If we're to fight her,
then we'll need an edge.
Yeah, let's go take a base.
[all gasp]
Oumi's got one we can borrow,
and it's only a hop
and a skip over there.
All we have to do is go
and ask them for it.
[NANASE]
That's right!
Then all this
will become Eimei's!
[SHINJI] That additional area
would indeed
be a significant advantage.
I'll act as a decoy
and draw the enemy off.
Enomoto and Akizuki
will meet up with Oumi,
then sweet-talk them
into giving us a base.
[chuckles]
Being sweet is my specialty.
You know it wouldn't kill you
to say please, Shinohara.
Oh, quit being such a stick
in the mud!
We don't have any time
to waste.
Right! You all know
what you have to do!
Don't even think
about holding back!
We're going to war!
Oh, yeah! It's about to get
feral up in here!
[SUZURAN] The Allied Army
Eimei's cobbled together
from the defiant hold-outs
is taking the fight
to Miss Hundred Face's
own United Army!
Right now,
the center is a sea of black,
but the Allied Army's
gearing up
for a two-bodied
North-South pounce!
The first cat-fight
is on the right!
With the main body
of Miss Hundred Face's
United Army clashing
with the Allied Empress,
Sarasa Saionji!
Claws are out in the middle,
with Touya Kirigaya
and Seiran Kugasaki's
United Absolute Monarchy team
about to battle
the combined strength of
Suisei and Souken Academy!
Left but not least,
we've got Senri Kururugi's
diabolical Demon Maiden team
facing off against
the Allied Army's
indomitable right-hook,
Eimei and Oumi!
The odds are tough,
but if there's anybody
who can fight their way
through this, it's him!
Coming back from the dead,
it's the nine-lived,
seven-starred, one-and-only,
Hiroto Shinohara himself!
And he's about to turn ASTRAL
into all-out Armageddon!
All right, Shinohara.
The rest is up to you.
[laughs]
-Hmm.
-You came.
Huh.
[HIROTO]
Doesn't she want to fight?
Or is it that she can't?
You're out of luck Seven Star,
'cause this here team of ours
excels in interception.
Be good.
And just die quietly!
[clears throat]
-Huh?
-No way!
[HIROTO] Hmm.
Impeccable timing, Prez.
Now! Yeah!
-Look out!
-You gotta be kidding!
[growls]
[grunts]
Ah!
[groans]
The Seven Star is mine!
[growls]
-Huh?
-Not happening!
Ah.
[annoyed]
Huh?
[grunts]
[gasps]
-Hmm.
-[giggle]
[Shinji smug]
Ah.
Hm.
Uh.
-Ahh!
-Ah!
All right.
Aah!
[grunts and groans]
-[laughs]
-Huh?
Aah!
[sighs]
What was that you were saying
about dying quietly?
[fuming]
I'm deactivating
your restraints.
[rock music]
[KURURUGI]
Cowards.
Your dishonorable
surprise tactics
can merit only one response.
Judgment!
-Ha!
-Huh.
[screaming]
[HIROTO]
We lost Oumi?
Guess she was being held back
after all.
[KURURUGI]
Hiroto Shinohara.
Before this ends
I will bury you
with my own two hands.
But the rest of you
aren't even worth the energy.
Say what now?
[NANASE]
Shinji, advanced warning,
I'm about to do something
real impulsive here!
[smug]
Unreasonable as always.
But I've got your back,
let's try it your way, Nanase.
Hmm.
About time!
Why don't you just disappear?
Sorry! Dodging's not in me!
No way!
[gasps]
What was that?
Hmph?
Huh.
Support skill. Lightning Rod.
It drew off your ability
towards me instead.
But since I was out of range,
the attack harmlessly
dissipated
before it could connect.
-Nice one!
-That was outstanding.
[KURURUGI]
Oh, yeah?
Don't even think about it!
C'mon, c'mon, c'mon,
c'mon, c'mon!
Damn. Keep your distance!
[smug]
[gasps]
Aah!
You hit me? But you were...
What you just witnessed
was called "Cornered."
It's an ability that increases
basic attack range
and buffs various skills
when my partner's under threat.
An ability to help Enomoto?
Such devotion.
I didn't realize how intimate
your relationship was.
Huh? Hey, he and I
aren't intimate at all.
[whimpering]
-[giggles]
-[gasps]
Bye-bye.
[HIROTO] Well, Kururugi, seems
like you've lost this one.
I know you gave
that whole speech
about being stronger alone.
But that's clearly
not the case.
Funny.
[HIROTO]
Back in the MTCG,
I bumped into
one of your fellow classmates.
Huh?
She was kind of upset.
-Upset?
-Yeah,
because you gave yourself up,
falling in
with Miss Hundred Faces.
But, it's more fair to say
they're upset with themselves
for being so weak
that you had to.
So, instead of always
just depending on you,
they wanna be strong enough
to fight with you.
Fight with me?
[smiles]
I see.
If it weren't for them,
I wouldn't even be Demon Maiden
in the first place.
All right. I'm ready.
Finish me off, Seven Star.
[smiles] Sorry,
your execution's been cancelled
but maybe I can offer you
a redemption arc instead.
[scoffs]
[exhales]
[SARASA] She wiped out
my unit like we were nothing.
How did she get so strong?
Our only hope is to regroup
and attack as one.
It's okay.
He'll be here with
reinforcements soon, I know it.
[KIRIGAYA]
Aw, man.
This Allied Army of theirs
is a total snooze-fest.
Touya Kirigaya.
Just who could have imagined
you'd be able to repel
a well-planned flank attack
all by yourself?
Ain't nothing impressive
about beating
a bunch of weak-ass losers,
man.
Yet, of our unit,
only we three remain.
This sucks. I only wanted
a good seat to watch the show.
and now
I'm like a main character.
Just kill me.
My, how dispassionate.
Rosalia. Shizuku Minami, right?
Judgement
from the vampire lord?
How terrifying.
-My blood's running cold.
-Watch it.
You know, you were actually
pretty good back there.
You pack a big punch for
such a small unassuming thing.
You keep that up
and I might just fall for ya.
Yeah, no.
Oh, come on!
Once ASTRAL's done,
this whole island's gonna be
thirsty for Touya!
Really.
As ambitious as ever.
Well then, perhaps you could
start with conquering them.
[KIRIGAYA] Oh, yeah. I've
been waiting for these guys.
Word is you Allied stiffs
showed our boys
one helluva time.
That so? They lost too fast
for me to notice.
[laughs]
Man, I hope
that your Empress'll be
just as mouthy
when we make good
on our orders to break her.
Did you hear that?
Yeah, there's no doubt.
Touya Kirigaya's thrown in
with him.
Kurahashi.
Enough chitchat!
Let's do this thing!
How'd she react so quickly?
[grunts]
Hm.
Bear witness to the might
of the Phoenix!
[laughs]
Hmph!
Hmm.
[HIROTO] Nice side-acts,
now let's see the headliner.
[laughs]
Compound my Upgrade.
Compound Upgrade?
[KIRIGAYA]
Cool, huh?
Stacking two like spells for
additional use was sick enough,
but with my Black Star,
I can double-on-down
and hybridize.
Meaning I can combine as many
flashy separate-use
attack-spells as I want
into one big-old ball
of suck-it.
But you know what?
It'd be better
if I just showed you.
Magic Blast and Swordflash.
Mix 'em together, and they make
a whole new kind of spell.
One I like to call.
-Huh?
-The Magic Blade!
[growls]
-Uh--
-Master, look out!
Himeji!
[HIROTO] A combined spell?
That's awesome!
No, wait. Awful!
It's awful.
-[laughs]
-[HIROTO] Damn it,
there's no time
to strategize.
-Enomoto?
-Shinohara.
[SHINJI] We need to
buy some time to think
through this, right?
Uh, yeah, all we can get.
Huh?
Consider it done.
I'll keep 'em busy
as long as I can.
Just work your magic
and find us a way through this.
[KIRIGAYA]
Eimei's student council
president to the rescue?
Right, take care of this guy,
would ya, Prez?
One day, you really must start
saying "please," Commander.
Hmph.
Ha!
[both grunt]
[grunts
[HIROTO] I need to come up
with a plan. Now.
Ah! Himeji, do your thing.
[gasps]
My thing?
Ah. Of course!
Play time's over.
What the?
[laughs]
It worked like a charm.
Damn you!
What did you do to me?
[chuckles]
That right there
was the Replacement ability.
Your Magic Blade
belongs to me now.
[ALL]
Damn it!
Aah!
[all grunt]
Sorry, but no.
I've already seen
how that attack works.
And this?
You haven't got a chance
at beating me.
And you don't know
what you're talking about.
Hmm. Well,
you are annoyingly fast,
I'll give you that much.
Sexy thighs, too,
that's always a plus.
Quit looking down there!
[HIROTO] Just now,
you said it was pointless
using Compound Upgrade
because you've
already seen it, right?
That's right. I can evade
attacks that I know.
Yeah, but you're forgetting
one very important thing.
The same ability or not,
with the power difference
between a Six Star and a Seven,
it might as well be
a new move entirely.
[ALL]
New move?
Magic Blade Unseen!
Huh.
[screaming]
-Damn it!
-Oh my.
Given the understanding
that Compound Upgrade
has the capacity
to fuse together any spell,
why limit that to just attack?
I figured, why not add
Conceal into the mix?
What came out
was a Magic Blade
more powerful than
anything ever seen before.
[laughs] We got ourselves
a lateral thinker here.
-Nice one.
Brilliant as usual, Master.
[giggles]
[HIROTO] Not quite.
I just totally made that up.
Reality is, the Company
juiced-up the effect.
[smug] Never thought
the day would come
when I'd have to whip out
my big guns!
[chuckles]
I'm really gonna enjoy this!
Aah!
What the?
Dual Wield technique!
[grunts]
Bring it! Bring it! Bring it!
Bring it! Bring it!
All right, losers!
It's time to say goodnight!
Guess this is it.
[groans]
-Asamiya! Enomoto!
-Enomoto!
[scoffs] An eye for an eye
is good in principle.
But that was barely
worth the calories.
Shinohara.
Guess who can't use
his Compound Upgrade?
You got all excited
and wasted it early.
You've completely exhausted
your entire spell
stock-pile, haven't you?
Hm.
-Akizuki!
-Miss Akizuki,
what are you doing?
Huh?
[giggles]
Now watch closely, Shirayuki.
This is how you make
an impression.
[laughs]
Another one for the slaughter!
Die!
[NOA groans]
-Get back!
-Miss Akizuki!
Ah! Aah!
Akizuki!
Hey, Hiroto,
did I at least
do something good in the end?
Of course, you did!
I did? That's good.
Then, maybe one day
I can finally become your Ace.
A-Akizuki.
-[smug]
-Aw, man,
that's a real let-down.
I had higher hopes
for Eimei's Little Devil.
But a loser is still a loser.
Huh?
[grunts]
Binding?
-He's caught!
-But how?
[KAGAYA]
Movement restriction!
It's the same
kind of thing Shirayuki
got hit with yesterday!
So did Akizuki do this?
[KAGAYA]
Yeah, this is her all over!
"Hell hath no fury"
type of stuff!
Looks like she initiated
a comeuppance trap
that'd spring in the event
of her elimination!
[scoffs]
Honestly,
just what do you guys
take me for?
You really think this'd be
enough to stop me?
[HIROTO]
What?
[screaming]
Inability Barrier Upgrade.
It's my thick invincible
wall of a spell,
automatically shutting down
anything
you could throw my way.
[exhales]
That's strike three, Kirigaya.
First was Compound Upgrade,
then Dual Wield, and now this.
You've played your hand
entirely.
Oh, yeah?
What does that matter?
As long as my Inability
Barrier Upgrade stays active,
you can't even touch me.
But I can still raise hell
to my heart's content
from inside of it.
[HIROTO] So then we'll just
have to attack from within.
Won't we?
Huh?
[grunts and groans]
-[laughter]
-What?
Surprised?
My remotely cast spells
render your banal
little fortress' defenses
all but obsolete.
You asshole.
Think you can betray me
and just get away with it?
-[smiles]
-[KUGASAKI] Betrayal?
Did you forget
how I got my name?
I, the blazing Phoenix burn
for Sarasa Saionji with every
searing cinder of my soul!
Now, and forever.
You think I would tolerate
a filthy fake Empress?
Completely unacceptable!
Are you telling me you planned
all this from the start?
-Bingo.
-Huh?
While it's just
a temporary truce for ASTRAL.
[HIROTO]
Hey.
[KUGASAKI]
Hiroto Shinohara?
[HIROTO]
Me and Kugasaki teamed up.
[scoffs]
Well, guess you got me.
[KUGASAKI smug]
I'm man enough to know
when I've been beat.
But going quietly
into the night?
Afraid that's just
not my style!
Oh.
[gasps]
Aah!
Himeji!
[glass shatters]
[scoffs]
My deepest apologies, Master.
I'd hoped to attend you
until the very end.
Please forgive me.
What are you talking about?
Why did you go and do that?
Because, Master,
this plan could
only ever have worked
if you were a part of it.
Besides, even if I'm not
actively competing.
It doesn't mean I'll stop...
-[scoffs]
-...being useful...
to you.
Huh?
[sobbing]
[KUGASAKI] It would appear
you're the only one
on your team left.
Yeah. All I can do now
is hope Saionji holds out
until Kururugi gets there.
Ah. So that's it.
Your final end-game gambit
is the Demon Maiden.
[KUGASAKI] Kirigaya figured
Seijo's indiscretion
would be exposed,
and so he withdrew
from the United Army
before his demise.
If he hadn't, his complicity
would have earned him
a disqualification.
He sure is a crafty one.
Since my betrayal's
been exposed,
I've also withdrawn from them.
I believe
I'll follow Kirigaya's lead
and secure my own rank.
And please. Do me a favor
and hold off on the eulogizing.
Until next time, my rival.
Protect the Empress' honor
in my place.
That is all I ask.
[gunfire]
[smiles]
[HIROTO]
End this, Kururugi.
Put Miss Hundred Faces down.
[grunts]
[giggles]
Aah!
-Uh!
-There we are.
Shall I put you
out of your misery?
[smiles]
Do it!
-You're through!
-Huh?
With One-Shot! Kill!
[gasps]
You got her!
[SARASA]
It's over!
[grunts]
-[gasps]
-I'm sorry, Saionji.
[SARASA DOPPEL giggle]
Cheap trick having her stab me
in the back like that.
No way, it's impossible.
We put everything we had left
to give into creating
that opening.
[SARASA DOPPEL] Well,
I guess it's to be expected.
If One-Shot Kill isn't enough
to stop you, what is?
I think it's obvious which one
of us is the winner here.
[laughs]
Huh.
[horn blows]
Oh, what a shame.
Aren't you lucky?
You get to cling to
the title of "Empress"
until the very last day.
[gasps and pants]
I survived?
[gasps]